
1. Install AsmIDE on your computer.

Extract the files from the ZIP archive into a folder on your
hard disk. I normally use the folder "C:\AsmIDE", but you 
can select any folder.

Now start AsmIDE.exe.


2. COM Port Selection.

The first time you run it, it asks if you want to select your COM
port. Say Yes.  

This configuration item is used to select the COM port that you
will use with the Terminal window, and with the Download function.
Pick your port in the dropdown box. It defaults to 9600 baud, but
you can change it if you need to.

NOTE: If you will be using the Wytec 68hc11 Tools, then you won't
be able to use them same COM port with both the terminal window and
the Wytec Tools. It's best to disable the terminal window if you
will be using the Wytec Tools, unless you will be using a different
COM port.


3. Assembler

Before you press OK, switch to the Assembler tab in this dialog. 
(If you pressed OK before coming here, then select "View..Options,
Assembler" to return here.

The main configuration item you need to select here is the type of
processor you want to use. You must select either 68hc11 or 68hc12
as your Currently Selected Chip Family. This is used to select
which Assembler will be executed to assemble your programs. This is
also used to select your Assembler helpfile.

This configuration tab also shows the path names of your assembler
executables and help files. These will normally be correctly set up
for you, but you may need to change them in special situations.


4. Filename Associations

Before you press OK, switch to the Associations tab in this dialog. 
(If you pressed OK before coming here, then select "View..Options,
Associations" to return here.

This option allows you to associate your assembler file extension
to AsmIDE. This lets you double-click on an assembler file in Windows 
Explorer to launch AsmIDE to edit the file.

Specify the extension of the assembler files you normally use. It
defaults to .asm, but you can change it.

Press the "Associate Assembler Files with AsmIDE" button to make
this association. 


5. Wytec 68hc11 Tools

The Wytec company has a couple proprietary programs used to
download .s19 files, and to interact with the debugger on their
68hc11 EVB boards. These tools are only used with the Wytec 68hc11
Phantom monitor. If you have the Buffalo monitor, then you don't
need these tools.

If you have the Wytec software loaded on your computer (in the
default directories), then the pathnames for the Wytec tools will
be setup for you automatically. If you don't have the Wytec tools,
then leave these pathnames blank.

You must disable the Wytec tools if you want to use the Terminal
window on the same COM port. For obvious reasons, you can't have 2
programs using the same COM port at the same time. However, you can
use both the Wytec tools and the Terminal window at the same time
if you are using different COM ports.

